The Joe Rogan experience, you know, so, oh yeah. I've been,
I've actually been shadowing mindful like Mike Tyson for like the last, um,
I'm good friends with, uh, with his manager, Rob, Rob Hickman.
And that's just the stuff that they're doing at Tyson ranch man is it's pretty
cool. It's really cool, right? Yeah. They're,
they're bringing medicine to the world. So my I've been on his podcast.
He's always talked about the toad. I was like, all right.
And then also I became good friends with, I call him uncle Mike man.
Cause he's just, you know, he scares me a lot and every time he sees me,
he's all, you know, he he'll compliment,
but then he'll school me at the same time. So he always talked about the total.
I'm just like, well, let's, let's do it. Then Mike, let's do it, onco mine.
So he's like, man, dude, you share you. I'm like, yeah, man,
you've been talking about her for a minute. So, you know,
so we go out and we go on this, uh, uh, you know,
they have this whole rural nice set of Melwood rituals or whatnot.
And we go out to a 20, which is an island off the, off the Caribbean. We have a,
our Africa what they're called, uh, the person that, uh, Sharman. Yeah. Sharman,
I'm sorry. And he's out there in the, you know, Mike goes first. So Mike,
imagine this is Mike Tyson does. And you know, Mike Tyson's Mike Tyson is he's,
he's doing it. He's he's going, he's going a bit crazy, man.
Because a lot of what that, what that does is it brings out you a lot of your,
as you say, you know, you open up the saves, a lot of your demons,
a lot of things that you've probably been holding onto for a minute.
So I'm seeing, I'm seeing Mike over here, twist and turning and kind of,
you know, talk about a lot. I don't want to share that stuff, but you know,
talk about a lot, a lot of it's Passman this me, as you said, he's an idol,
he's a legend. You know, that's the way I look at my two I'm over here, here,
you know, I'm just, I'm almost like tripping now,
but at the same time and treat no,
because so then I go up and I do it. And the Amanda took me to,
uh, especially out of retirement here, man. Like I, I would,
I almost kind of somewhat wanted answers.
I was hoping that it would give me okay, man, this is like the path of what not.
And uh, it took me, it took me to like,
it took me to my mom's like your mom's like first love man. You know?
And it showed me like in a store almost like in a movie,
you know how I was born, how my mom had me, how, uh, how,
by the time I was eight years old, like I had my sister.
So it was no longer the youngest, how my mom kind of like, you know,
and not fairness, kind of somewhat pushed to the side,
leaving home at the age of 17 in and substituting.
My mom's love for self-fulfillment wrestling, uh,
mixed martial arts. And the, it brought me back to a little kid when I was, uh,
maybe four or five when I would cry to my mom. Cause I remember as a kid,
we would go, uh, we would go from LA to New Mexico, like in greyhounds.
I remember stopping at McDonald's and things like that. But to me, you know,
as a kid, you don't know you're poor,
but what that did is that brought me back to the person that created me.
That brought me back to my mom's love, man. So it like,
it like resurrected something in me and I was crying.
I was asking for life for a given us I'll speak in Spanish.
[inaudible] forgive me. It was something, uh,
it was something scary in some ways, because it does, it takes you out of your,
your body. Like it's, it's,
it's almost like you're in judgment day and you're the one that's being
convicted. And you're the judge.
Too. I feel like, um, the athlete thing was like, okay,
they're super athletes and they don't have any symptoms. Right.
But we're not super athletes. Okay.
But then Idris Elba is just a really good shape in shape actor. Well,
he seems okay with Tom Hanks is an older gentlemen who doesn't live there,
he's in great shape. And he got through it. What is, you know,
and then you find out the flu numbers and they, but it's not the flu. Okay.
Okay. It's not the flu. It's not the flu.
You know, science is new religion, bro. Well.
Think about, is, think about it though. No.
But it's money. Money. I really believe this. I really believe it.
Same with the Monday morning,
but like quarterback and think about like the way religion operated in the past,
right? The second you said anything against the church, they shame you.
They ostracize you. Who the are you? How could you say these things?
They put you in your little box,
whether you get ex-communicated any of us were like,
you sure it really kills everyone, right? Like, are you sure? Are you sure?
It's that contingency? What the is Fowchee? Come out of the Keebler elf house,
tell them what's going on. They've just rail at you nonstop.
And the second and the second you say a single thing you are,
what did they label you? As I think Amazon even like took out a book, a heretic,
right?
Wasn't it, is that what the term is?
I think you were blasphemy or something. One of these things, right?
And then all of a sudden this information starts to come out where it's like,
okay, it's not that bad. The curve is kind of flattening.
Now the comes out today. That was, it basically said, if you're asymptomatic,
you can't transfer it as easily as they thought it's almost impossible.
Right? So all that worry that we were about kids giving it to the grandmothers.
They're not gonna do. That.
Was the only reason why stores are shut down.
The only reason why comedy clubs shut down restaurants.
Because if you're asymptomatic, you pass on. Now we know you're not.
If you have a cough, if you're sneezing, if you got the flu, stay the home.
That's it. Crank it open. Let's go crank.
It open. Yeah. Same all you have to wait mass.
No New Jersey just said they want another a month for.
So this is where we get into like the.
More my moon. But you don't think this is just people trying to get reelected.
Um, it could be,
but it could be people who are scared of people dying on their watch because.
Now it's not the economy that gets reelected. It's people hang on your watch.
Well, if someone comes along and says, the reason why X amount of people died,
it could have been much less.
If you had just done the right thing and kept those people safe and kept
everything closed for another month. You in your career,
you were known for lifting large amounts of weight too.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Like I was saying, you know,
I started power lifting when I was in high school. You know, I had the,
like the gift of strength, you know, I was pretty strong in high school,
you know, my all throughout my college days. And uh, you know,
it was just something that I, I think I was kind of born with it a little bit,
you know? Cause, uh, you don't just start lifting heavy weights like that.
All of a sudden, you know, you have to have a, like I said,
you have to have some kind of natural talent for it.
Well,
there are some crazy photos of you during the Mr. Olympia days when you were a
police officer, is that you look at that. Yeah. Yeah.
That's that's me in the ninth grade on the left. And that's me wearing, uh,
what.
Happened to your arm and a left? You got a cast on, yeah bro. somebody out.
I know how.
To sell all playing football. And uh,
I think I fell on my wrist or something and cracked it or something.
And that's me winning the uh,
Mr. Universe turning pro in the middle.
And that's me winning the 9 99 Mr. Olympia for right there. Wow.
You were big. Yeah.
I was kinda big. Well, you know,
I got a lot bigger than that. That was my second Olympia.
I only weighed about 2 55. There what's the biggest he ever got. I was 2 95,
my seventh one.
So I put on a little bit more weight as I got on up there. But.
Is it one of those things where you just kind of have to keep up with everybody
else and everybody just keeps getting bigger?
No, it was that thing when I was trying to distance myself from everybody else.
So I kept getting bigger and bigger, so nobody would catch up with me
and what a lot of people don't understand is you see me big up there like that,
but you know, it took a long time for me to get there. Hmm, no,
that doesn't happen overnight.
I put on about five pounds of muscle between five and 10 pounds of muscle a
year. And that came from all that, you know, that heavy lifting,
a lot of eating, a lot of eating.
A standard meal for you. I.
Mean, it.
Wasn't a lot to me, you know, but if, if somebody, you know,
normally try to eat, it probably be a lot. So I eat probably like, uh,
a pound of chicken, uh, grill breasts, you know,
with a half a cup of rice. That was a normal meal. Yeah.
That was how many of those did you have a day? I had know about six meals a day.
You know, it's kind kinda hard to eat like that, you know?
So I would have to wake up in the middle of the night to eat and go back to
sleep. Yeah, no, no,
that'd.
Be annoying. You're tired and sleeping and gotta wake up.
No, you kind of get used to it when you eat like that,
you get hungry every three hours. Oh really? Yeah. Every two to three hours.
You're hungry. Cause I'm not, I'm not eating a lot of fat, you know,
it's lean and I'm not eating a lot of carbs. So it's just, it's,
it's a little, a little bit of food at a time. For me, it was.
These new laws that they've passed recently where the government can just look
into your internet, searching with no warrant whatsoever.
This was something that I don't know if you know about this part of the Patriot
act that, um, this was one of the things that was,
people were furious at Senator Sanders because Bernie Sanders didn't,
he wasn't there. He didn't show up for the vote.
And if he had shown up and voted the other way, it wouldn't have, why did.
He show up? He won't comment. Oh wow. He won't.
He's been reached out for, uh, to comment on it. He won't comment on it,
but it's very disheartening.
And a lot of people who are progressives are furious at them and they,
they feel very,
very betrayed by this because now no one even knows like Mo you didn't know.
Right? Most people don't even know. Well,
the government can now look at all your dirty little searches.
Care about that though. Like, I bet it's a slippery slope, right?
Is that the fear?
Well, here's the fear. The government is just people, you know,
I don't want any, I don't,
I don't think like I should be able to just go look in a Jamie search, like a,
just for whatever reason I know Jay Jamie's at home. What if I have some code?
I can go, just look, what was Jamie looking at? What is, what are you searching.
For? That's that's creepy, right? It's creepy. Like.
Privacy is privacy. It's important. You should be,
should be able to reveal what you want to reveal. And if the government,
which is just a bunch of people can peer into your life,
but you can't peer into their life. It sets up abuse. It's the same.
It's the same, it's power. It's the same thing you see with cops, right?
All this that you see with cops, for sure racism is involved,
but you know what else is involved? Power. When you see that,
that old man get thrown to the ground. The one that Trump said is faking it.
That bashed his head. Yeah. Bleeding out of his head.
And Trump's like very good actor, by the way. I mean, that's what Trump said.
He said that it seemed to have fallen too easily, but yeah, he's dead.
He's an old man. Oh God. The fact that he said that, that it's, this might,
he might be in tifo like what all.
Of these conspiracy theories out there as an actor. I must say,
if any of these people are conspiracy guys,
they're they they're Daniel Day Lewis.
Like they are great.
Actors. Like, you know,
like certain times I even send like dumb YouTube videos of, uh,
there's a funny YouTube video of, um, uh, uh,
his girlfriend leading his two K NBA account. And he just destroyed.
You can tell it took every thing for him. Like not to like hit her or like,
whatever. Right. He just, he was just destroyed. He was crying.
And then some of my buddies like, oh, I don't know, man. That's fake dude.
I was like, yo, that guy, that guy is a, uh, Emmy award,
Oscar winning actor. That is fake. Cause that is not easy to do. No.
People think everything is fake. You think so many things are fake.
So many people have sent me things. So you think this is fake? And I'm like,
oh Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah. Some things are vague. Yeah.
That old man falling the way he did and bouncing his head off the concrete in
the middle of a huge protest. Yeah. That was real dude. Yeah. That's real.
That's what happens when you push an old man? I was like 30 years.
Ago. And what happened was we were
in an off-campus apartment and I kept putting on to tell a story.
I'm gonna tell the quick version, uh, tell the overs.
No two of my buddies left to go upstairs.
It was one of those, you know, those old Boston,
it looked almost like a three family house,
but wasn't was one of those big ones that has all apartments in it. Right?
So they left the party.
We were on in the first floor and then they went upstairs and like
20 minutes, they came back. One of my buddy's shoulders was separated.
The other guy flat lip. And he had a flat top to,
or maybe had this big gash coming right down here and blood coming down his
face. And we were like, what.
The happened? What the happened? We just asked this guy for drinking.
The whole party started beating on us.
So this whole mob goes up the stairs to go fight the
party. Right. And I'm going upstairs. Like, what the am I doing? My big hit?
I'm going to get knocked out here, but I have to go. Cause then my friend.
So we go up there and uh, we hear the party.
So my buddy, the mouthpiece guy, like the most innocent void,
it knocks on the door. He goes, Hey, he's like,
is there a party going on in there? Right. And the door opens up.
And it was like a west wild west movie, like a saloon fight,
just haymakers. I remember, I didn't even want to go in. I was so scared.
Cause I was like, oh my God, this is going to be nuts.
And just the mob just sent me in and it was just like,
everybody's just throwing.
I remember this dude jumping over my back punching face. Right.
And the smoke clears and it all settles, you know, it was, I was like 15,
second melee and it all settles.
And we look at the party and there's like six or seven guys,
six or seven girls in there's like a board game that's tipped over.
And we had gone to the wrong party. Swear to God.
I know this sounds like a joke. The real party where they got hit was upstairs.
And I don't know, I don't remember what happened, but they,
they were actually rich kids and they sued my friends for going in,
whatever the dumb they did.
We all went into the wrong party and they were in there having like a couples
thing and they were playing like monopoly or something.
And all of a sudden there was a knock on the door. Hey, is there a party?
And then everybody just came running.
And give back to them.
That's what I'm saying. That's why I didn't want to tell. Cause I felt,
I felt really like, yeah, I felt bad. Okay.